Migrate Docs from GitBook (#381)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-gitlab: README.md

[![HW](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-gitlab/Up%20For%20Grabs?color=dark%20green&label=Help%20Wanted)](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-gitlab/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3A%22Up+For+Grabs%22+label%3A%22Help+Wanted%22)

A GitLab plugin for Mattermost. This plugin supports a two-way integration between Mattermost and GitLab. This plugin supports Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) or on-premises versions of GitLab.

![GitLab Plugin screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13119842/69115984-96b3ff80-0a58-11ea-92a3-9176b6b05a89.png)

Originally developed by [Romain Maneschi](https://github.com/manland). This project is a fork of the [mattermost-plugin-github](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-github). Thanks to all contributors of it.

**Maintainer:** [@mickmister](https://github.com/mickmister)

**Co-Maintainer:** [@hanzei](https://github.com/hanzei)

## Feature Summary of GitLab to Mattermost Notifications

### Channel Subscriptions

> Notify your team of the latest updates by sending notifications from your GitLab group or repository to Mattermost channels.  When team members log in the first time to Mattermost each day, they can get a post letting them know what issues and merge requests need their attention. They can also get a refresh of new events by clicking on *Refresh* and from every webhook configured in GitLab.

Author: ```suggestion
Notify your team of the latest updates by sending notifications from your GitLab group or repository to Mattermost channels. When team members log in the first time to Mattermost each day, they can get a post letting them know what issues and merge requests need their attention. They can also get a refresh of new events by selecting **Refresh** from every webhook configured in GitLab.
```

#### Step 3: Connect Your GitLab Accounts

Run the `/gitlab connect` slash command to connect your Mattermost account with GitLab.

#### Step 4: Subscribe to Projects and Groups

For each project you want to receive notifications for or subscribe to, you must create a webhook. Run the subscribe slash command to watch events sent from GitLab.

``/gitlab subscriptions add group[/project]``

Run the webhook slash command to have GitLab send events to Mattermost. 

``/gitlab webhook add group[/project]``

For versions prior to 1.2: 

1. In GitLab, go to the project you want to subscribe to, select **Settings > Integrations** in the sidebar.
2. Set the following values:
   - **URL**: `https://your-mattermost-url.com/plugins/com.github.manland.mattermost-plugin-gitlab/webhook`, replacing `https://your-mattermost-url.com` with your Mattermost URL. Ensure that you add `/plugins/com.github.manland.mattermost-plugin-gitlab/webhook` to the URL or the webhook won't work.
   - **Secret Token**: The webhook secret you copied previously.
3. Select all the events in **Triggers**.
4. Add the webhook.

> ### Compatibility

Reviewer: @cwarnermm I'm thinking we can just remove this section. What do you think?

  
## Help Wanted!

If you're interested in joining our community of developers who contribute to Mattermost - check out the current set of issues [that are being requested](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-gitlab/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AEnhancement).

You can also find issues labeled ["Help Wanted"](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-gitlab/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Help+Wanted%22) in the GitLab plugin repository that we have laid out the primary requirements for and could use some coding help from the community.

## Help and Support

For Mattermost customers - please open a [support case](https://mattermost.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) to ensure your issue is tracked properly.

For Questions, suggestions, and help - please find us on our forum at [https://forum.mattermost.org/c/plugins](https://forum.mattermost.org/c/plugins).

Alternatively, join our public Mattermost server and join the [Integrations and Apps channel](https://community-daily.mattermost.com/core/channels/integrations).

> To contribute to the Mattermost project see [https://www.mattermost.org/contribute-to-mattermost/](https://www.mattermost.org/contribute-to-mattermost/).

Reviewer 2: Recommend removing this as the link is no longer valid.

> To contribute to the Mattermost project see [https://www.mattermost.org/contribute-to-mattermost/](https://www.mattermost.org/contribute-to-mattermost/).

Author: ```suggestion
```
